c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.exe.config
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.exe
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.pdb
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsControlLibrary2.dll
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsControlLibrary2.pdb
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.Form1.resources
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.exe
c:\users\y0019.synthflex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp8\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.pdb
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.exe.config
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.exe
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.pdb
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsControlLibrary2.dll
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsControlLibrary2.pdb
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.Form1.resources
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.exe
C:\Users\y0019.SYNTHFLEX\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\自定义控件\WindowsFormsApp8\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp8.pdb
